And many of the children there at that time didn't go out at all.
They never left the hospital premises.
So one of the things she did was to take them to the swimming pool at Guildford Crescent.
And this is gone now.
It's a Chinese restaurant or hotel or something now.
But she used to take them once a week down to the...
And that was the first time many of them had ever been out.
And it was a struggle to do because she used to have to go on the bus with the children.
And I used to go with her and used to come back on the bus.
And people in the public were sometimes quite...
I wouldn't say they were rude.
But it was like as if they hadn't seen people with learning disabilities out in the way that they were out with my mother.